
AFIT Sensor & Scene Emulation Tool (ASSET) License Agreement

PREAMBLE
This is a license agreement (“Agreement”) between you (hereinafter referred to as “User Site”) and the Department of the Air Force, Air Force Institute of Technology (AFIT), Wright-Patterson AFB, OH (hereinafter referred to as “AFIT” or “Government”) pursuant to 10 U.S.C. §2539b(a)(1).  The AFIT Sensor & Scene Emulation Tool (hereinafter referred to as “ASSET”) is an unclassified Air Force critical military technology software provided for authorized U.S. Government agencies and their contractors use only and shall not be released or disclosed outside the United States.  The User Site's compliance with the conditions set forth herein is required in order to ensure, among other things, that ASSET is protected as an effective simulation tool for a wide range of applications. 

COMPONENT CONTROLS		
The source code, executables, documentation, and support files for ASSET and data products produced by ASSET are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

a. ASSET was developed at Government expense.  The Government has unlimited rights, as that term is defined by Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) 252.227-7014 to use, duplicate, release or disclose ASSET in whole or in part, in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever, and to permit others to do so.  The User Site's right to use, modify and enhance ASSET under this Agreement is for the purpose of further developing ASSET as a simulation system for a wide range of applications.

b. The User Site is granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable right to use ASSET's name, code, and documentation.

c. The User Site shall not publish or permit ASSET to be published for profit or in any manner offered for sale.  ASSET shall not be disclosed or transferred to any activity or firm without the prior written approval of the AFIT Center for Technical Intelligence Studies & Research (hereinafter referred to as “CTISR”).  CTISR may be contacted at asset.ctisr@afit.edu.

d. The User Site shall not rename ASSET or merge ASSET, in whole or in part, with other models or programs unless prior written approval is obtained from CTISR.  If deemed in the Government' s interest, approval to merge and control all or portions of ASSET as part of another system may be granted and the terms of this Agreement with respect to ASSET will no longer apply; use of the ASSET name to describe the products of such a merged model is not permitted without prior written approval of CTISR.  Use of ASSET in a merged work not approved for separate control shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

e. The User Site is authorized to design, code, and test modifications to ASSET. All such modifications and enhancements to an ASSET version shall be reported in writing within three months of such modification to CTISR.

f. The User Site agrees to DoD Directive (DoDD) 5230.24 (Reference (a)) as a DoD Instruction (DoDI) in accordance with the authority in DoDD 5134.01 (Reference (b)) to be responsible for marking and managing technical information generated in using ASSET or its derivatives according to the appropriate security classification guidelines. In addition, be responsible for secondary distributions, releases and disseminations.  The Government reserves all rights accordance with paragraph (e) of the clause at 52.227-14.

g. The User Site shall grant the Government unlimited rights, as defined by DFARS 252.227.7014 (Rights in Noncommercial Computer Software and Noncommercial Computer Software Documentation), in any modifications or enhancements to ASSET made pursuant to this Agreement.  The User Site agrees not to assert any proprietary right, claim or interest against the Government, its officers, agents, employees or contractors, resulting from modifications or enhancements made to ASSET using IR&D or other private funds.

h. The User Site may not make any claim or inference regarding this Agreement which implies government endorsement or recommendation.
	
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY		
ASSET is provided “as is” without any warrant as to its performance, accuracy, or freedom from error, or as to any results generated through its use.  The User Site assumes the entire risk for any damages in connection with or arising out of the furnishings, performance, or use of ASSET.  The Government does not warrant that ASSET will meet the Software User’s requirements or operate without interruption or error.  The Government is neither liable nor responsible for maintenance, updating, or correcting any error.  The Government desires to be notified of any errors or problems detected by the User Site associated with ASSET.  The Government, at its sole discretion, will evaluate the feasibility of correcting any such errors or providing any updates to ASSET.

DAMAGES
In no event shall the Government or its Agencies be liable for any damages, including, without limitation incidental or consequential damages, such as damages for lost data or profits, arising out of the use of or inability to use ASSET.  Neither party shall be liable to the other for any exemplary or punitive damages arising from this agreement.

INDEMNITY
The User Site agrees to indemnify the Government and its officers, agents, and employees against all liability and attorney fees and costs, resulting from unauthorized use, disclosure, transfer or sale of ASSET by the User Site in violation of any terms and conditions of this Agreement.  This indemnity shall not apply unless the User Site is informed as soon as practicable by the Government of the suit or action alleging such liability and shall have been given such opportunity as is afforded by applicable law to participate in the defense thereof.

TERMINATION
The User Site may terminate this entire Agreement at any time by returning or destroying all copies of ASSET, including copies or portions thereof embodied within any modified models or programs, developmental versions or unique study data sets. The User Site shall also return or destroy any products generated using ASSET or its portions.  The User Site shall certify in writing that the original, all copies of ASSET and all products generated from ASSET have been accounted for and returned or destroyed.  The Disclaimer of Warranty, Damages, Indemnity, and Component controls shall survive this Agreement.

GOVERNING LAW
This agreement shall be construed in accordance with DoD regulations, irrespective of where any action may be brought. In accordance with Section 620 of Public Law 108-447, the following provisions are included as required by law.

a. This Agreement does not bar disclosures to Congress or to an authorized official of an executive agency or the United States Department of Justice that are essential to reporting a substantial violation of law.

b. These restrictions are consistent with and do not supersede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the employee obligations, rights, or liabilities created by Executive Order No. 12958; 5 U.S.C. § 7211 (governing disclosures to Congress); 10 U.S.C. § 1034 as amended by the Military Whistleblower Protection Act (governing disclosure to Congress by members of the military); 5 U.S.C. § 2302(b)(8) as amended by the Whistleblower Protection Act (governing disclosures of illegality, waste, fraud, abuse or public health or safety threats); the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982 (50 U.S.C. § 421 et seq.) (governing disclosures that could expose confidential Government agents); and the statutes which protect against disclosure that may compromise the national security, including 18 U.S.C. §§ 641, 793, 794, 798 & 952, and section 4(b) of the Subversive Activities Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. § 783(b)).  The definitions, requirements, obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by said Executive Order and listed statutes are incorporated into this Agreement and are controlling.

SAVINGS PROVISION
If any provision of this Agreement is ruled invalid under any law, such provision shall be deemed modified or omitted to the extent necessary, and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

TECHNICAL SUPPORT
The Government is not obligated to provide technical support for ASSET.  However, AFIT/CTISR may choose to provide limited e-mail based support free of charge.  If the User Site requires additional technical support from AFIT/CTISR beyond the limited e-mail based support, then separate arrangements must be specified and agreed to in order to ensure appropriate compensation is provided to AFIT/CTISR to cover the costs of the specified level of technical support.

Technical support may be requested by emailing:	asset.ctisr@afit.edu

EFFECTIVE DATE
Installation or use of ASSET constitutes acceptance of this Agreement.

COMPLETE AGREEMENT
This Agreement supersedes all prior written and oral communications regarding ASSET and sets forth the entire agreement between the parties.  Any waiver or amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective only if it is in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of each party.

TECHNICAL CONTACTS
The individuals named below shall serve as the AFIT points of contact for ASSET.

Primary:
Dr. Bryan Steward, bryan.steward@us.af.mil

Alternate:
Dr. Kevin Gross, kevin.gross@afit.edu

Mailing Address:
Attn: Dr. Bryan Steward (AFIT/ENP)
Air Force Institute of Technology
2950 Hobson Way, WPAFB OH 45433

Email:
asset.ctisr@afit.edu
